Prompt 2: I want to add a public IP to my Azure VM. I have the following command—what values should be used here, and how can I retrieve them?
az network nic ip-config update --name ipconfig1 --nic-name <NIC_NAME> --resource-group rg-ailab-chayan --public-ip-address myPublicIP

Intent: Map Azure CLI placeholders to actual NIC, IP configuration, and resource group values.

Prompt 3: Yes, the VM name is vm-win.
Intent: Confirm that the target VM for public IP configuration is vm-win.

Prompt 4: Below is the output. Is it applying the changes correctly?
Intent: Validate Terraform plan behavior and assess potential risks before applying changes.

Prompt 5: I am okay with Terraform removing the existing VM and NIC configuration to recreate a fresh infrastructure. Is it safe to proceed?
Intent: Evaluate the safety of a destructive rebuild approach.

Prompt 6: I need the following setup:

Terraform should remove all existing VMs, databases, configurations, and NICs in the Azure lab environment.
It should recreate the previously configured VMs and database.
The VMs must have public IPs and be accessible from my machine.
No resources should exist in Azure that are not managed by Terraform.

Intent: Define the desired end state for a fully Terraform-managed environment with public access to VMs.

Prompt 7: The admin_password should be India@123456, as Azure requires a minimum of 12 characters.
Intent: Ensure compliance with Azure password policy for Windows VM provisioning.

Prompt 8: You are a senior infrastructure operations engineer. Review the Az-vm-error.log file and provide the following:

Primary incident description
Plain English explanation
Whether the events are related
Causal chain (if applicable)
Likely root causes (ordered by probability)
Immediate investigation steps
Safe remediation options (identify any requiring a maintenance window)

Constraints:

Recommendations must apply to Azure Windows Server 2022
Clearly indicate any actions requiring a production change window
Avoid suggesting reboots unless absolutely necessary

Intent: Generate a detailed incident analysis and root cause assessment.

Prompt 9: Please save the response in a file named infrastructure_restore.md, with clearly defined sections such as Symptoms, Root Cause Analysis (RCA), and Solution.
Intent: Persist the detailed incident report in a structured format.

Prompt 10: Yes, please create it, but as a separate file.
Intent: Generate an additional executive summary as a standalone document.

Prompt 11: Using all files under the Training folder, create the following within a new folder named Handover_Chayan_user8:

IaC Module: Terraform code with a one-line note explaining how it passed each of the four validation gates, along with a terraform_report.md summarizing the final build analysis.
Azure_VM_fault: Timestamped observations collected during the incident, in chronological order.
Azure_VM_RCA: Problem summary, timeline, root cause, fix applied, recovery confirmation, and preventive recommendations.
Prompt Library: A well-structured document capturing all prompts used in this conversation along with their timeline and explanations.
Restore.md: A step-by-step guide describing scripts and procedures to restore VM services, including expected outcomes and fallback mechanisms for each step.
